feat(group-treatment-event): add group treatment event documentation (#18)
Pure-Farming/Documentation: docs/resource-types/index.md

- [Errors](#errors)
- [Authentication](#authentication)
- [Frequently Asked Questions](#frequently-asked-questions)

---

# Introduction

> _Pure Farming_ APIs are designed to deliver standardised and cleansed data relating to all types currently supported resource types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Pure Farming_ APIs are designed to deliver standardised and cleansed data relating to all currently supported resource types.
```

  - [Holdings](/resource-types/core/holdings.md)
    A Holding is a representation of a working Farm, whether it be comprised of multiple areas of land (contiguous or non-contiguous) or not, it is represented as a Holding. An individual Holding may have spatial information, or may not, if present it may be a centroid (point), or spatial feature (feature) or both.
  - [Plots](/resource-types/core/plots.md)
    Plots are a field or a piece of land that is used for planting and reaping crops.

>     Although it is smaller than the holdings but is a quite substantial piece of land.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It is smaller piece of land than a holding (a holding can have many plots).
```

    Land Covers are a representation of hedges, and other biodiversity features for a given spatial feature.
- [Crops](/resource-types/crops)  
  Resource types available for Crops.
  - [Sample Plans](/resource-types/crops/sample-plan.md)  
    Sample Plans provides information about a planned sampling activity for a crop at a geospatial feature (paddock, field, or block) level.
  - [Sample Analysis](/resource-types/crops/sample-analysis.md)  
    Sample Analyses provide details about samples taken from a crop and the laboratory test results for those samples.
  - [Load Receivals](/resource-types/crops/load-receival.md)  
    Load Receivals provide information about the arrival of harvested crop loads to a location.
  - [Work Record](/resource-types/crops/work-record.md)
    Work records provide information about agricultural work and operations performed on a piece of land or crop.
- [Livestock](/resource-types/livestock)
  Resource types available for Livestock.
  - [Animals](/resource-types/livestock/animals.md)  
    Animal provides information about individual animals.
  - [Animal Groups](/resource-types/livestock/animal-group.md)

>     Defines a group of animals in a medium-long sense (for instance, a mob or pen or batch or class or line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Defines a group of animals in a medium-long term sense (for instance, a mob or pen or batch or class or line).
```

      Provides information about Animal Deaths for individual Animals.
    - [Consignment](/resource-types/livestock/movements/consignment.md)
      Provides information about animal movements that is common accross the other movement resource types
  - [Treatments](/resource-types/livestock/treatments/index.md)

>     - [Group Treament Event](/resource-types/livestock/treatments/group-treament-event.md) Event for recording treatment of a group of animals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Group Treament Event](/resource-types/livestock/treatments/group-treament-event.md) Event for recording a medical treatment on a group of animals.
```

- [Dairy](/resource-types/dairy)
  Resource types available for Dairy.

>   - [Milk Collection](/resource-types/dairy/milk-collection.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Milk Collection](/resource-types/dairy/milk-collection.md) Collection of milk from a location
```

An API call is the process of a client application submitting a request to an API and that API retrieving the requested data from the external server or program and delivering it back to the client.

### What is the difference between an API call and an API response?

The API call is just the request being sent to _Pure Farming_ APIs. The response is the actual data being returned. A single API call can return more than 1 record. By default, the API call will return all items found. You can send additional parameters with your API call to return fewer or more records.

### What are the common HTTP Methods?

HTTP Methods are also known as HTTP Verbs. They form a major portion of uniform interface restriction followed by the REST that specifies what action has to be followed to get the requested resource. Below are some examples of HTTP methods:

GET: This is used for fetching details from the server and is basically a read-only operation
POST: This is used for creation of new resources on the server
PUT: This is used to update the old/existing resource on the server or to replace the resource
DELETE: This method is used to delete the resource on the server.

### What is a URI?

> URI, short for Uniform Resource Identifier, is a unique sequence of characters that identifies a logical or physical resource used by web technologies.

Reviewer: Wider discussion here - but _are_ these actually frequently asked questions? I'd expect the FAQs to be more PureFarming centered (specifically about _this_ API, rather than about API's in general)

@danielR9 @daniel-buchanan

      Provides information about Animal Deaths for individual Animals.
    - [Consignment](/resource-types/livestock/movements/consignment.md)
      Provides information about animal movements that is common accross the other movement resource types.

>   - [Treatments](/docs/resource-types/livestock/treatments/index.md)

Reviewer 2: Don't think these are supposed to contain `docs`. Same with other links
